hello sony company in early 2015
introduced several updated
smartphones from the budget line while
not forgetting the characteristic of the latter
release
universality when every ruble in
the price of the gadget is recouped by 120
percent we also offer a look at
sony xperia and 4g like most
balanced of them all the details
only in the mobile review we both
drive.ru
the box is short enough
micro usb cable charger and
standard set of paper instruction
warranty card and so on with the rear
parts of us meets plastic made
format soft-touch camera for 5
megapixels led flash
microphone for noise cancellation and speaker in
the lower part also traditionally has
icon nfc now the module has appeared and in
This series of devices upper bound
got a 3 meter headphone jack
below there is nothing on the left
micro usb port here on the right is
volume rocker and power button
unlocking the front of us
2 megapixel camera waiting
earpiece and microphone size
display forced 4.7 inches with resolution
960 by 540 pixels and density of 234
peppy
despite the high resolution display
has an incredibly high degree
contrast and brightness due to which
picture under any conditions
use remains bright and juicy on
This moment we can safely say that
this is the best qhd display you saw
before this as the operating system
favored android 4 4 4 with potential on
subsequent upgrade to version five
from the iron fillings waiting for us
quad 64 bit processor
mediatek mt6573 32
running at 1 and 8
gigahertz
graphics pray and 760 1 gigabyte
RAM and 8 gigabytes
built last can be expanded
via micro sd memory cards up to
32 gigabytes
This configuration results in an indicator
33000 93 points in antutu benchmark
and in the epic citadel graphic test
ultra high quality mode we get
58.6 fps and in daily use
no brakes will be noticed
classic shell with minimal
on-site settings in games you must
you will see no problems
but not higher than average settings
graphics are still 1 gigabyte operational
of memory
it's not that much of a key difference
xperia and 4g became support
lte networks that is already necessary
a minimum
if you do not this, I need to get
look at the experiment model and 4 there
display 5 inches but fast mobile
Internet can feel free to forget for especially
demanding there is an option for 2 sim
cards
battery capacity was 2300
milliamp clock is not very much but with
considering the economical display and
optimizations operating system
manufacturer claims 12.7 hours per
talk time which is quite enough
shell thickness
10 point eight millimeters and weight
135 grams sony xperia and 4g turned on
surprise well- built solution
very pleasant from a tactile point of view
and not without a designer hand
performance margin for your
class he got enough
work networks of the fourth generation is
another small pledge for the future and
usability set
communication functions
price online store of the city ​​of Moscow
at the beginning of May 2015 amounted to 10
thousand rubles among competitors can
highlight issues on phone 5 lt and you
honor 4play
and lg g3 with model cadi 722 huge
Thanks for watching, don't forget
subscribe to the channel to put big
thumbs up and also visit more often
mobe drive.ru daily we publish there
a lot of interesting news from the world
technology gadgets and much more
skip bye bye